This repository contains gene expression data for use with [POTAGE](https://github.com/CroBiA/potage). The data is derived from
[RNA-Seq data](https://urgi.versailles.inra.fr/files/RNASeqWheat/) generated by the International Wheat Genome Sequencing Consortium
(IWGSC).

# Files, Directory Structure and Formats

## Expression Data File

## Config File

A plain text file, with the `.cfg` filename extension, containing tag/value pairs defining data set specific parameters.

### Comments

Lines starting with `#` are comment lines and are ignored.

### Tag Names

The first non-whitespace characters on non-comment files constitute the `tag name`.

Valid tags names are:

  * `ShortName` : Short name for the data set. This value is used when displaying expression information and there is limited
                  available space.
  * `LongName`  : Long name for the data set. This value is used when displaying expression information and there is more
                  space available.
  * `FileName`  : The name of the file containing expression values for the data set.
  * `Unit`      : The units of expression contained within the file defined by the `Filename` tag. Typical values for this tag are
                  `FPKM`, `CPM`, `TMM` etc ...
  
### Tag Values

All characters following the first group of 1 or more white-space charaters on non-comment lines constitute the `tag value`. Tag
values can contain white-space; strings should not be enclosed in quotes.

# Description of the Data set

Briefly, the data set contains 15 conditions (5 organs each at 3 developmental stages) with 2 replicates each. For full details, see
the [READ_ME](https://urgi.versailles.inra.fr/files/RNASeqWheat/READ_ME) file at URGI.

# How we Derived the Expression Values

The raw data for this data set is available from [URGI](https://urgi.versailles.inra.fr/files/RNASeqWheat/).
